Okay, then I've got two questions left. If you
could make, if you had the financial capability to
make a huge gift, million dollars plus to A&M
today, for what purpose would you want that gift
used? Theater arts. To do what? Build a building.
Okay. For the theater arts program.
People are scared of the arts in A&M. They really
are. Just because they don't understand them, I
think. People don't understand. If it's not Opus,
then they don't want to see it. Why? Because they
don't trust it necessarily. They think it might be
bad. They think it might say something that will
disrupt their little utopian society of College
Station.
They're very talented people at this school, as
far as theater goes, that don't have the
opportunity to show it because we never get the
money. I mean, we are underfunded worse than I
think any other department on campus is
underfunded. Just because theater depends upon
money. You can't do theater without money. And it
just doesn't work. And it's horrible. Just
because we lose students every semester. We lose
students to other schools. UT just did away with
their undergraduate theater program. What are we
going to do? What's A&M going to do? If they're
serious about Vision 2020... I mean, I could go on
for this about 30 minutes, but. Okay. All right,
the last question then is, what feelings do you
carry in your heart about Texas A&M?
Eternal gratitude. Eternal gratitude. A&M has
shaped me into the person that I am. If I would have
gone to a different school, I would not be like
this. I just would not.
I don't think any one of my friends would be. I mean,
I'm eternally grateful in everything. It's
taught me to give in ways in which I never thought I
would be capable of giving. It's taught me to serve
in ways that I never thought I would. It's given me
the best friends of my life. I think other places
will do that, but it just seems different here. And
I can't tell you why. Like, my brother went to
University of Virginia, like I said, and he
doesn't have the friendships that I have. He just
doesn't. Just because at other schools, It's
very, I don't want to say selfish, but it's very,
okay, what can this do for me? At A&M it's not like
that. Of course that's always in somewhere, but
it's never the driving force. It's always what can
this do for A&M and what can I get out of it and turn of
it. People give here unlike I've ever seen before.
My parents tell me that all the time. They're like,
Ricky, we don't understand what it is, but people
just give at A&M. They just do.